# 触发器

    mysql> help create trigger;
    Name: 'CREATE TRIGGER'
    Description:
    Syntax:
    CREATE
        [DEFINER = { user | CURRENT_USER }]
        TRIGGER trigger_name
        trigger_time trigger_event
        ON tbl_name FOR EACH ROW
        [trigger_order]
        trigger_body
    
    trigger_time: { BEFORE | AFTER }
    
    trigger_event: { INSERT | UPDATE | DELETE }
    
    trigger_order: { FOLLOWS | PRECEDES } other_trigger_name
    
    This statement creates a new trigger. A trigger is a named database
    object that is associated with a table, and that activates when a
    particular event occurs for the table. The trigger becomes associated
    with the table named tbl_name, which must refer to a permanent table.
    You cannot associate a trigger with a TEMPORARY table or a view.
    
    Trigger names exist in the schema namespace, meaning that all triggers
    must have unique names within a schema. Triggers in different schemas
    can have the same name.
    
    This section describes CREATE TRIGGER syntax. For additional
    discussion, see
    http://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.7/en/trigger-syntax.html.
    
    CREATE TRIGGER requires the TRIGGER privilege for the table associated
    with the trigger. The statement might also require the SUPER privilege,
    depending on the DEFINER value, as described later in this section. If
    binary logging is enabled, CREATE TRIGGER might require the SUPER
    privilege, as described in
    http://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.7/en/stored-programs-logging.html.
    
    The DEFINER clause determines the security context to be used when
    checking access privileges at trigger activation time, as described
    later in this section.
    
    trigger_time is the trigger action time. It can be BEFORE or AFTER to
    indicate that the trigger activates before or after each row to be
    modified.
    
    trigger_event indicates the kind of operation that activates the
    trigger. These trigger_event values are permitted:
    
    o INSERT: The trigger activates whenever a new row is inserted into the
      table; for example, through INSERT, LOAD DATA, and REPLACE
      statements.
    
    o UPDATE: The trigger activates whenever a row is modified; for
      example, through UPDATE statements.
    
    o DELETE: The trigger activates whenever a row is deleted from the
      table; for example, through DELETE and REPLACE statements. DROP TABLE
      and TRUNCATE TABLE statements on the table do not activate this
      trigger, because they do not use DELETE. Dropping a partition does
      not activate DELETE triggers, either.
    
    URL: http://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.7/en/create-trigger.html
